apparmor.service                       enabled        
autovt@.service                        enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                   enabled        
bluetooth.service                      enabled        
console-setup.service                  enabled        
cron.service                           enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service     enabled        
dbus-org.bluez.service                 enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service     enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service enabled        
dhcpcd.service                         enabled        
dhcpcd5.service                        enabled        
fake-hwclock.service                   enabled        
getty@.service                         enabled        
gldriver-test.service                  enabled        
hciuart.service                        enabled        
keyboard-setup.service                 enabled        
networking.service                     enabled        
raspberrypi-net-mods.service           enabled        
rc-local.service                       enabled-runtime
rc.local.service                       enabled-runtime
rpi-display-backlight.service          enabled        
rpi-eeprom-update.service              enabled        
rsync.service                          enabled        
rsyslog.service                        enabled        
ssh.service                            enabled        
sshswitch.service                      enabled        
syslog.service                         enabled        
systemd-timesyncd.service              enabled        
triggerhappy.service                   enabled        
udisks2.service                        enabled        
wpa_supplicant.service                 enabled        
avahi-daemon.socket                    enabled        
triggerhappy.socket                    enabled        
nfs-client.target                      enabled        
remote-fs.target                       enabled        
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                enabled        
apt-daily.timer                        enabled        
logrotate.timer                        enabled        
man-db.timer                           enabled 